Case Study 2 - extra revisions (#88)
ImperialCollegeLondon/digital_research_sustainability_training: episodes/06_case_study3.md

## Analysis

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: instructor

Delivery of the rest of this material is intended to go in two phases:

> 1. Have attendees complete the "Estimating Emissions" challenge. This is best done in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Attendees are expected to complete the "Estimating Emissions" challenge. This is best done in
```

>    groups. Have attendees report back on what they've come up with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   groups. After the group task, attendees can report back on what they've come up with.
```

1. Then have attendees open the spoiler tag - "Hugh's estimates". This section provides
   the "canonical" outcome of Hugh's emissions estimates and further develops the

>    scenario so that reductions in emissions can be considered. Recommend that the groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   scenario so that reductions in emissions can be considered. It is recommended that the groups
```

   from above look through the section together and complete the embedded challenge.

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: challenge

### Estimating Emissions

Based on the scenario described above how could Hugh estimate the carbon emissions
associated with his HPC workloads over a year? What additional data would he need to
collect?

::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::: solution

Hugh needs two things.

1. An estimate of his resource usage over a year. It may be possible to reconstruct this

>    from historical data or he may have to monitor his usage for a period and then

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   from historical data or he may have to monitor his usage for a period of time and then
```
